[rooster voices]
Everyone, Happy New Year.
Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
Looking forward for your support for this year too!
I'll get to the point here,
did you went hatsumōde this year? [1]
Since I'm virtual,
I thought I couldn't do things like hatsumōde but..
When I looked it up,
I found a shrine where I can go hatsumōde!
Ta-da!
Sakura-Jingu Shrine
With this, you protector of the house [2]
while protecting your house,
you can go hatsumōde at the same time!
In reality,
it's placed at Setagaya-ku in Tokyo, Japan;
But!
You can come to visit the shrine on the internet!
So, let's go
visit the shrine!
If you visit Sakura Jingu website,
If you click this "Internet worship-from-afar" button,
you can pray at the shrine.
By the way,
"Worship-from-afar" is
doing your prayers while facing
where the shrine is in real life
You can see the layout of the shrine, huh
Right now apparently I'm near the gate,
about here?
Before you enter the gate,
first you need to do salutation
since it seems to be a good omen.
Also,
The middle passage way is a road for the gods,
Let's imagine we're walking on the right lane.
"Proceed to next step"
It seems to be the main shrine!
Let's go and pray.
While the usual way to pray is
"Two worship, two claps, one worship",
depends on the shrine, it could be different!
In Sakura-Jingu Shrine,
the usual way to worship/pray here is
"Two worship, 4 claps, one worship"
So I'll do as suggested then!
[This is the "two worship" part]
[This is the "4 claps" part]
[This is the last worship part]
[this is also the part where you make your wish]
"I wish I get New Year Money for this year"
[and this is the salutation after the prayers]
Incidentally,
the donation box
accepts donation by bank transfers!
I'm going to send some too after this!
Oh, a registry book!
I'm going to write my name here too!
"Becoming famous
and able to connect with many people!"
"Watchword"?
"Register"
There's omikuji too, you know?
I've always wanted to pull this.
I'm born in June so,
June!
[The result is "Luck"]
I see
It's like this:
[The result in good means, in descending order is:
Great Luck > Luck > Middle Luck > Small Luck > No Luck > Bad Luck
It goes from "good luck" and downwards!
Aah!
I get to write on "Ema" too! [3]
Awesome! Let's go write one!
The category of my ema..
"Relationship Fortune"
And for the wish content...
Okay!
"Get to meet a lot of people
and be friendly with them!"
The watch-word is "to pray", okay.
It's perfect!
Hmm?
Charms!
Seems like I can get one, you know?
It's a chicken!
This is..
"Prayer for school success"
"Relationship Fortune"
By the way,
you can put this charm on to your website!
I'm going to put one up in my website so
please come and visit later, okay?
Alright!
We've done our first hatsumōde! Yay!
With this, 2017 will be
awesome, don't you think?
And it seems I'll have good fortune this year!
Although I visited the shrine online,
if you can visit Sakura-Jingu Shrine in person,
please go visit the shrine and
tell me your thoughts about it!
Let's all visit and
make this year a great year!
Bye-bye!